README.md, before:

# BetterCap-AIO
BetterCap-AIO script for images, videos, username + Password created by GPT

Download the files abd place them in the corresponding dir's
AIO.cap in your working directory(caplets)
/usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/captured.html
/usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/js/enhanced-capture.js

Make a Directory for cap-data
mkdir -p /usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/captured-data


AIO.cap
Use Bettercap's built-in HTTP UI to serve the captured data.
Capture and log sensitive information like usernames, passwords, and file uploads.
Display the captured data in the web UI in real-time.

enchanced-capture,js
Capture usernames, passwords, image uploads, and video uploads.
Write the captured data into a text file that will be served via the UI.
Display the captured data dynamically in the UI.

To Run:
sudo bettercap -caplet AIO.cap

Access the UI:
Visit http://127.0.0.1/captured.html to see the captured credentials, uploads, and other data in real-time.
Summary

AIO.cap captures usernames, passwords, and media uploads, and it saves the data to files.

AIO.js enhances the capture logic and dynamically logs the data.

The Bettercap UI displays the captured data, refreshing automatically.

Commit message:

Update README.md for V2 install of Python and Scrappy

README.md, after:

# BetterCap-AIO + Scrapy Integration

BetterCap-AIO script for images, videos, username + Password created by GPT

Download the files and place them in the corresponding dir's
AIO.cap in your working directory(caplets)
/usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/captured.html
/usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/js/enhanced-capture.js

Make a Directory for cap-data
mkdir -p /usr/local/share/bettercap/ui/captured-data


AIO.cap
Use Bettercap's built-in HTTP UI to serve the captured data.
Capture and log sensitive information like usernames, passwords, and file uploads.
Display the captured data in the web UI in real-time.

enchanced-capture,js
Capture usernames, passwords, image uploads, and video uploads.
Write the captured data into a text file that will be served via the UI.
Display the captured data dynamically in the UI.

To Run:
sudo bettercap -caplet AIO.cap

Access the UI:
Visit http://127.0.0.1/captured.html to see the captured credentials, uploads, and other data in real-time.
Summary

AIO.cap captures usernames, passwords, and media uploads, and it saves the data to files.

AIO.js enhances the capture logic and dynamically logs the data.

The Bettercap UI displays the captured data, refreshing automatically.

---
V2 - Python Install
---
Install Python from main site:
https://www.python.org/downloads/

Checking if Python is Installed
Before installing PIP, you need to ensure that Python is already installed on your system. You can check this by running the following command in the command prompt

python --version
If it is installed, You will see something like this:

Python 3.x.x

---
V2 - Scrapy install
---
Run the following command to install Scrapy using pip:
pip install scrapy

Confirm installation by running:
scrapy --version
